Youssef  (browser): Hey, yo, how are you doing?
Yao Jiang Galteland: Hello, Yusuf?
Youssef  (browser): You said?
Yao Jiang Galteland: Are you?
Youssef  (browser): Good. So, what's happening?
Yao Jiang Galteland: Yeah, I'm confused as well.
Yao Jiang Galteland: I think, maybe we should ask Alex?
Youssef  (browser): Yeah, let me ping him.
Yao Jiang Galteland: I think this should be the prover and the meditation team, and also the linear foundation. Is this a conference?
Youssef  (browser): Oh, so there's another meeting going on, so…
Yao Jiang Galteland: Oh, okay.
Alexandre Belling: Well, yeah, we alone?
Arijit Dutta: I think, time is, 1500 UTC, no? It is 110 UTC.
Alexandre Belling: But tell me, is it UTC?
Arijit Dutta: It is 110… Like… 1300 UT slated.
Amelie Chatelain: Oh, okay.
Alexandre Belling: 18 to 11.
Amelie Chatelain: Two hours early, it's better than two hours late, no?
Alexandre Belling: Okay, well, let's rejoin in, in 2 hours.
Amelie Chatelain: Maybe we need to reschedule…
Alexandre Belling: Yeah, but we're on the EF Zoom call, so we should leave it.
Alexandre Belling: Okay, Stu.
Youssef  (browser): So there's no meeting art?
Alexandre Belling: each in 12.
Azam Soleimanian: Who knows?
Youssef  (browser): Okay.
Youssef  (browser): I'll see you then.
Alexandre Belling: Cute.
Gautam Botrel: Hey, guys.
Gautam Botrel: I, don't know what this is, but, hi.
Olivier Begassat: Luget, we… I don't know about you, but I have…
Gautam Botrel: Yeah, what? Your audio is weird.
Olivier Begassat: Okay. Okay,
Olivier Begassat: Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
Olivier Begassat: Can you hear us, Gautam?
Gautam Botrel: No, yes, I can hear you.
Gautam Botrel: So, yeah, I guess if there is one calling in one area.
Gautam Botrel: Yeah, we'll try that one.
Gautam Botrel: Are you guys still in your offsite?
Olivier Begassat: Yes?
Gautam Botrel: Okay.
Gautam Botrel: Yes, this call is recorded.
Olivier Begassat: Yep.
Gautam Botrel: I think it's silver.
Gautam Botrel: Reconnect a bit later.
Gautam Botrel: Mike, see you later.
Olivier Begassat: See?